(Mr. Heartland)
Welcome back, duel fans!
You're just in time to
join our 14 remaining
World Duel Carnival finalists
as they journey
into the next
section of our competition
known as the Dragon's Den.
Which of our finalists
will move on?
Which of our
finalists will go home?
Only one way to find out!
Keep it here for
all the action!
Did you hear that?
Only 14 duelists
left!
And Yuma made it
by clawing his way
through the competition!
Go, Yuma!
Just keep feelin'
the flow!
Yeah!
(Flip)
I sure hope Yuma
can flip things around,
'cause right now he's
in last place!
It doesn't matter
where he is.
You know he always
comes out on top!
Yeah, Cathy's right.
In the end, Yuma always seems
to pull out a victory.
Well, yeah, but he'll need
a flashlight this time,
'cause this underground
section is pitch black!
Which means Yuma won't
know what's lurking
behind each twist
and turn of the track.
Well, as long as he keeps
feelin' the flow,
he's sure to see
his way to victory!
(Mr. Heartland)
And now, to explain what our
remaining finalists
need to do.
The goal is simple.
They have to get to one
of the four duel fields
before their
competition does!
And those fields are:
Magma, Space,
Jungle...
and Desert.
Each of the four fields
have their own
set of advantages
and disadvantages.
Duelists must race
to the one they
think will give
them the edge!
And now, let's
get to dueling!
(crowd cheering)
♪
♪ If life is a game
they say I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never amount
to nothing ♪
♪ Tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid ♪
♪ To challenge myself ♪
♪ They won't ever
break my fire ♪
♪ My dreams won't die ♪
♪ If I high five the sky ♪
♪ Spread my wings ♪
♪ Take off
it's time to fly ♪
♪ Take a chance to make it
all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ Take a chance believe ♪
♪ Nothing will
bring me down ♪
♪ No retreat when
I leave all my fears behind ♪
♪ My future's still
alive inside ♪
♪ Take a chance
and chase my doubts away ♪
♪ Believing gets me through
my darkest days ♪
♪ Take a chance to make
it all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ Take a breath my heart
will lead the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
I'll take a chance today ♪
Anyone you hope
to duel against, Yuma?
(Yuma)
I'm not choosy.
Whoever I see first
is going down,
'cause I'm feelin' the flow!
Yuma, I do
hope you realize,
four duel fields, means only
eight people can duel.
No, that
can't be right.
Two people to a duel,
and four fields,
so let me see,
that makes...
Two multiplied by
four is eight.
Right!
Good math!
Eight duelists!
Just eight duelists?
I gotta get movin'!
This map shows
I'm in first place.
Vetrix is currently
second.
And Kite is in third.
Vetrix, I'm gonna
hunt you down.
Ooh, what fun!
The dark is sure to be
chock full of many surprises!
I can't wait to see who
or what I find first!
(laughing)
Giggling fool!
You won't be laughing
for very long!
I'm going to gather
as many life points
as I can
and finish you.
I bet you didn't know
it's feeding time,
Quattro!
And this shark's
getting ready
to sink its
teeth into you!
(Quattro)
It seems Reginald's
taken the bait!
This is perfect.
Just keep following
me, Shark.
I'll lead you
to your doom in
the one field I know you
don't stand a chance in.
(Quattro)
Since your deck is built
around water monsters,
I'm gonna lead
you straight to
the Magma field
and fry your fishies!
♪
(Tricky)
Hey, Nistro!
I'm calling
you out!
Who's this fool?
Come on, chump,
I'm talking to you!
Looks like we've got
a duel on our hands!
It's Tricky Tommy Noble
versus the notorious Nistro!
I'll make this
quick and painless.
Go, Grapple
Blocker!
Tommy Noble!
How that hack got
this far into
the finals
I'll never know...
But I do know he won't
make it any further!
I play the spell
card Heroic Call!
And with it, I can now
summon the powerful
Heroic Challenger,
War Hammer from my hand.
Come on out
and join the party!
Put the squeeze
on 'em, Grapple Blocker!
Get your slimy mitts
off my monster!
Let's show him how to
land an attack, War Hammer!
(Mr. Heartland)
A truly amazing victory
for former
World Duel Carnival
Committee member...
Nistro!
With just one move,
he beat Tricky Tommy Noble!
Come on!
Cut to Yuma already!
Did you hear
Heartland?
People are
already dueling!
I better get to
a field and fast!
Watch where
you're going!
You're heading straight
for a trap marker!
Look there!
(groaning)
That hurt...
Trap markers
mean business.
(Nistro)
Quinton's in my way!
But he won't be
for very long!
Hey, pal, what do you
say we duel?
Looks like Nistro's back!
And now he's challenging
Quinton to a duel.
But please, Nistro, make it
longer than your last one...
Am I right,
duel fans?
Fool.
Dueling me is
a colossal mistake.
We'll see...
War Hammer, attack
him directly!
Sorry, but that
won't work, Nistro.
Not when I activate Malevolent
Flash from my hand.
This card stops
your monster's attack,
and sends that monster
back to your hand.
Come on, Quinton, that was
all bark and no bite!
You'll need to do
way better than
that if you want
a shot at beating me.
Oh come now, Nistro,
don't flatter yourself.
You know you're
outmatched.
I activate the
spell card Punishing Fire!
And just like that, you take
600 points of damage.
Oh my goodness!
This is certainly
an explosive duel!
Folks, why don't we just say
goodbye to Nistro for now, huh?
The match is too hot to handle.
Oh...
In fact, there's a new
duel shaping up right now,
so let's check
in on Quattro!
And now, Fiendish Knight,
finish him off!
(yelling)
(Mr. Heartland)
And look over here!
Shark's going at it with
the Sultan of Spells!
End this
once and for all, Big Jaws!
Gulp Grind Attack!
(grunting)
(Quattro)
That's right, Shark.
Stay on my tail.
Follow me to
the Magma Field where
I'll dish out
your defeat.
I bet Quattro'll turn
Shark into fish flakes!
Shark'll turn Quattro
into canned tuna!
Oh, come on.
Quattro'll hook
that fish and have him
stuffed and mounted
in no time!
Stop!
Enough with the fish
references, you two!
You're giving me
a headache!
But we're having
a whale of a time.
Yuma, the turn you
took leads us
straight back to
that punching trap again.
(groaning)
Forgot...
Oh...
Did that jog
your memory?
This would be
observation number 19.
Yuma is as bad a driver
as a duelist.
(beeping)
(Dextra)
Looks like there's
a spell marker up ahead.
Now this could either
prove to be very good...
or very bad.
Excellent.
Dian Keto, the Cure Master.
Due to this spell card,
I gain a thousand life points.
Now my total is 7000,
but it's still not enough.
I need more life points if
I'm going to beat Vetrix!
(Kite)
Hmm, he stopped...
So, Vetrix...
what're you
up to?
Orbital, come in!
Yes, Master Kite!
Listen carefully.
Analyze Vetrix's movements
on this course.
And be quick about it.
Yes, sir!
Vetrix...
Looks like
a trap marker ahead.
It is!
I spy with my little eye,
the trap card Butterfly Mist.
I would have taken damage if
I hadn't avoided it.
Lucky me.
(cackling)
So many trap cards,
and so few ways to avoid them.
It's as if someone is planting
them to lead me somewhere.
I wonder who could
be behind it all...
♪
(Dextra)
Now I have 8,000
life points,
but I still need more
if I'm going to face Vetrix.
Would you please try to stop
driving into traps?
Now you're down
to only 200 life points!
Yeah, and only a small
handful of teeth.
It would be one thing
if you lost points dueling,
but you're just not
paying attention!
Sheesh.
Ah, you sound
just like Mr. Kay.
Yuma, look
up ahead...
That can't
be good!
Hit the brakes!
(yelling)
Another trap!
It's the trap card
the Paths of Destiny.
You flip a coin.
If it lands heads, you gain
2,000 life points,
but if it
lands tails,
you take 2,000 points
of damage.
Uh-oh, not good.
This is awesome!
This'll be the easiest
2,000 life points I ever gain!
But if the coin
lands on tails,
you'll be totally out
of life points!
C'mon, trust me, Tori,
I've got a hunch
about this one...
Unlikely as
it may be,
I hope Yuma knows
what he is doing.
Here I go!
I'm feeling
the flow!
(groaning)
I know it's a hard
fact to accept,
but you are in
a duel you cannot win.
Ha!
You're not seeing
the big picture!
My plan'll soon become clear
to you, I promise!
Is it a plan
to lose?
Please.
Get real, Quinton!
Losing is your
department!
Mine is beating
chumps like you.
Let me show ya.
I summon Heroic
Challenger,
Double Lance
from my hand!
When I Xyz Summon,
this monster counts as two!
So, I overlay two
Level 4 Double Lances!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon Heroic
Champion, Excalibur!
Excalibur can't attack
unless I have
500 or fewer
life points, which I do.
And that's just
the start...
By using all
its Overlay Units,
I can double
Excalibur's attack points.
Now!
Go, Excalibur!
Attack Quinton
directly!
I activate the trap card
Neverending Nightmare.
This card not only
stops your monster's attack,
but you also take damage equal
to half its attack points.
Oh, no way!
Ironic that your own monster
will deliver defeat.
You will soon
be finished.
(Yuma)
Not so fast there,
Quinton!
It's Yuma!
Now use
Achacha Chanbara.
Yeah!
I summon Achacha Chanbara
from my hand!
(Astral)
Achacha Chanbara stops
Nistro from taking damage
and Quinton takes 400 points
of damage instead!
No, my-- my
life points!
You will pay!
This I swear!
(Vetrix)
Quinton...
I would prefer
you let them go.
But, Vetrix...
Do I need to
repeat myself?
Well?
No, I understand.
Whoa, good timing,
Yuma!
You really
saved me, kid!
Whaddaya say you
and me go after
that clown
and really let him have it?
Nistro,
let the clown go!
Why not regain some of those
life points you lost first?
Er...
'Kay, good point.
Follow me!
To where?
(Quinton)
Yuma Tsukumo...
What exactly is his
objective here?
Victory or
friendship?
(Vetrix)
Yuma reminds me
of his father.
Kazuma Tsukumo...
Kazuma's own foolish
loyalty to his friend
ultimately led to
his undoing.
(Yuma)
Here it is!
This is
a trap marker.
That's right,
Nistro.
How am I gonna
use a trap
to regain
life points, Yuma?
It's a coin toss.
Heads you get 2,000 life points,
tails you lose 2,000.
Whoa, those are
risky odds!
Yeah, but I've got
a pretty good hunch about this.
And besides, the odds
of losing are only 50%.
Hmph.
A "hunch," huh?
Not just a hunch,
a pretty good hunch!
Come on, try it!
Whaddaya have to lose,
except life points?
You're crazy, kid.
(Yuma)
I've got a feeling
it's gonna be
smooth sailin'
from here on out.
You are so wrong,
Yuma!
(yelling)
(sighing)
(Tori)
Yuma!
(Vetrix)
With several
duelists headed my way,
this map certainly paints
a dismal picture!
My, my, my...
Three super-powerful
monsters!
(laughing)
Any one of them alone
could eliminate
even the most
expert duelist!
And these three
terrors are all
targeting
poor little ol' me.
Things look bleak now,
don't they?
(growling)
I'll just have
to beat them all.
I do hope I've timed
this just right.
One...
and ah-two...
and ah-three!
(Dextra)
He defeated three duelists
at once!
Vetrix's power is
off the charts!
Kite...
There's no way I'm gonna stand
by and let Kite duel this guy.
There's so much action going
on in the Dragon's Den,
it's hard
to keep track.
Let's recap all
the craziness!
Of our 23 original
finalists,
only 14 survived
the SkyScape section
and now six of
them have been
eliminated in
the Dragon's Den!
There's only
eight left!
All right!
Yuma!
Finally, Yuma's gettin'
some screen time!
I was worried
he had lost already,
but in the end,
he made it!
Go, Yuma!
Don't celebrate
yet, you guys,
those other
duelists are tough!
Oh stop, there's
no way he'll lose...
Because Yuma's so feelin'
the flow!
Up next, it's the part
everyone's been waiting for!
It's time for our
one-on-one duels!
And now, without
further adieu!
Let's get
set to duel!
Yes...
Just keep on following
me, Shark!
(Yuma)
Hey, Tori.
I'm thinking of
going back to
the coin toss trap
to get more life points!
Oh, no way!
Don't you dare
press your luck
like that again,
mister!
C'mon, Tori, I'm so
feelin' the flow right now!
Yuma...
Orbital!
Are you certain
about this?
(Orbital 7)
Yes, Master Kite.
Vetrix's suspicious, winding
route results from
his path being
blocked by trap markers.
Someone appears
to be leading
him to where they
wish him to go.
Even more
curious is that all
these traps have
butterfly names.
No, it can't be.
It's Dextra!
I know you're after Vetrix,
but he's mine!
But why do you
want Vetrix?
Let's put it
this way.
The sooner he's out
of the Carnival, the better.
I think he's up
to no good so
I'm gonna make sure
he doesn't stick around.
But I have to
face Vetrix!
For Hart!
You want Vetrix?
Then you're gonna
have to duel
through me
to get to him!
Then you leave
me no choice!
Okay, you don't
scare me, Kite!
In fact, I'll even
start us off!
I give up
1,000 life points...
and activate the spell
Butterfly Ballet!
Now, for every
Butterfly monster in my hand,
you take 300 points
of damage!
How could you let
her get away?
Please understand,
I'm trying to save you, Kite!
And my best bet
for doing that
is getting to
the Jungle Field.
It should give
me an advantage.
Once I get Vetrix
to duel me there,
my deck will
overpower him!
Who might this be?
She must be
the one guiding me
with those nasty
little traps.
If you wish to duel
me that badly, I accept.
So, this is where you
want to face me?
It's quite pleasant
here in this Jungle Field.
Oh, I promise you
won't think so
after you lose
our duel, Vetrix.
Enthusiasm,
I like that.
But I'm going to like
crushing you so much more!
(laughing)